Add index (#10)
UtrechtUniversity/privacy-engineering-tools: synthetic-simulated-data/index.md

## Synthetic data

> Synthetic data can be a great way make your data more anonymous. It works by creating a new dataset with new people that are not 1 on 1 related to people in the real dataset, thus delivering a level of anonimity, while hopefully retaining some (statistical) properties of the original dataset. For a more detailed overview and some of the possible pitfalls of these types of methods, see the privacy handbook [link].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Synthetic data can be a great way make your data less identifiable. It works by creating a new dataset with new people that are not 1 on 1 related to people in the real dataset, thus delivering a level of anonimity, while hopefully retaining some (statistical) properties of the original dataset. For a more detailed overview and some of the possible pitfalls of these types of methods, see the [Synthetic data section in the Data Privacy Handbook](https://utrechtuniversity.github.io/dataprivacyhandbook/synthetic-data.html){target="_blank"}.
```
